The future is here in this video, and it's
got robots!
The coolest new robotic assistants and other
insane inventions!
Glasses that work like Tony Stark's, the cutting-edge
VR tech, and the cutest parking-lot robot
you'll ever see.
Let's see what these machines can do before
they take over the world!
TCL RayNeo X2
If you've ever wanted to feel like Tony Stark
but without having to save the world, look
no further.
The TCL RayNeo X2 glasses are "augmented reality,"
meaning you can finally meet your AI girlfriend
IRL.
I'm sick of regular reality, so I'm happy
to have an augmented one.
These glasses have automatic language translation,
navigation, and picture-taking features.
I hope they have Pokemon Go, too.
With these glasses, you see things other people
can't - it's like schizophrenia, but only
the good parts.
You can take pictures with them, which totally
doesn't sound creepy.
And best of all, while you wear them, you'll
look like Rachel Maddow.
YeeLight Cube
Day in and day out, all I can think about
is how sick I am of regular old lamps.
"Why aren't these lamps cube-shaped?"
I say.
YeeLight has answered my prayers and delivered
us a cube-shaped smart lamp.
Now, these are not your grandma's lamps.
These bad boys can stack, change color, and
sync with music - your grandma would pass
out.
You can stack these up like a Jenga tower,
build a wall, and make a room to cry in…
so many possibilities.
HTC Vive XR Elite
Have you ever wanted to fly, go to space,
or talk to women?
Those are all unrealistic goals - except in
virtual reality.
The HTC Vive XR Elite is a game changer; it's
next-gen VR technology that does everything
better.
And you don't have to make a stupid Meta account.
Worth every penny.
Usually, when I use a VR headset, I break
my nose walking into a wall or can't figure
out how to get back to regular reality and
get trapped forever in the vortex of cyberspace.
With advanced motion tracking and room-scale
technology, I'm probably safe this time.
So to recap: reality is the one that sucks,
and virtual reality is where I can meet my
AI girlfriend's parents.
They're making lasagna!
JBL Bar 1300X
I don't know about you, but when I'm watching
movies, I want the volume up so high that
anything under 50 pounds has to be bolted
to the floor to keep it from flying into space.
If your eardrums aren't bruised after watching
a movie, did you really watch a movie?
I want to hear every word, note, and explosion
as if it were happening next to me.
I'm not saying the JBL Bar 1300X can do that,
but I'm also not NOT saying it can do that.
It's got a ton of crazy features that use
science or something to make the audio from
your TV sound clear, loud, and surround you.
It would be really creepy if you were watching
a scary movie.
Parky
Parky is a little robot designed to automatically
connect to an electric vehicle and recharge
it.
It's also so cute, and I want to put a little
hat on it.
The idea here is that you park an electric
car in a normal parking space, and Parky will
come over and charge it for you.
He looks so sweet.
I'd bet he'd charge your phone, too, if you
asked nicely.
I know it's his job and all, but I wonder
if it hurts him to have his life force sucked
out and put into a Tesla?
Well, I guess I could ask any Tesla employee
to find out.
Parky would be like a service animal if we
fed service animals to vampires.
Okay, he's a big battery on wheels.
I need to calm down.
ChargeTree Go
This one is for you Apple lovers out there.
Sorry Androids, you can wait in the car with
your favorite music until we're done.
Anyway, if you're tired of fighting people
for power outlets to charge three Apple devices
at a time, try the ChargeTree Go.
It charges your iPhone, your AirPods, and
your Apple watch all at the same time.
If only it could recharge my grandma's PaceMaker.
Rest in peace, but that's her fault for having
an Android pacemaker.
Anyway, when you're done with it, you can
fold it up and put it away - just like my
grandma.
LARQ Bottle Filtered
You hate the way tap water tastes.
Or, you're in the zombie apocalypse and trying
to survive on your own.
Either way, drinking from the filtered LARQ
Bottle is like drinking from the fountain
of Aphrodite.
Or so I've been told.
Hey, I'm happy as long as it doesn't taste
like it's been in a lead pipe for the past
decade.
The LARQ bottle literally filters the water
as you drink it from the straw.
It removes impurities like chlorine and heavy
metals, giving you water purer than a nun's
thoughts.
It saves you from using disposable bottles,
and this way, you can reuse your bathwater.
Wait, actually, don't do that.
Unless it's from a gamer girl.
Aeo Robot
Speaking of cute robots…
Any chance I can download my AI girlfriend
into this one?
Just kidding, I already put her in a smart
refrigerator.
Aeo is a robot designed to do dangerous or
dirty human tasks, freeing up time for us
to watch the new Sharknado or talk to our
smart fridge.
Aeo is intended to be a security system, a
delivery system, and even a human caretaker.
Just don't let him fall in love with another
robot.
I've seen that movie before.
He might not have a pulse, but he's still
equipped to care for a room full of grandmas.
And let's be real, he can probably drive better
than them, too.
Aiper Elite Pro Cordless Robotic Pool Cleaner
Let's keep going with the cute robots!
The Aiper Elite Pro is a cordless robotic
pool cleaner.
I was wondering when they'd make an underwater
robot vacuum cleaner.
If you have an AI boyfriend, just download
him into this little gadget, and you just
DIY'd your own sexy pool boy, just a little
more…
robot-y.
It's a miniature version of the drones they
use in the military, but instead of making
messes, it cleans them up!
It probably can't clean up your pee, so…
you should stop doing that.
And you should stop lying about not doing
that.
Don't make this guy swim around in your pee,
cmon.
EcoFlow Blade
Alright, this little guy takes the cake.
Sorry, AI girlfriend, I've found someone new.
This is like a cordless, robotic vacuum cleaner…
but for outside.
This thing sweeps your lawn as it mows, which
is so considerate.
You can control it with an app, and it has
GPS monitoring so you can find it if it gets
stolen or sneaks out to go to a party.
It will probably freak out your pets just
as well as it mows, and whatever you do, don't
let it loose in a large field.
It could grow too powerful, too smart, too
evil, and listen, you don't want to start
the robot uprising, do you?
Thanks for watching this video.
If you had as much fun watching it as we did
making it, don't forget to like and subscribe
so we can keep making videos that make you
say, "All hail our robot overlords."
Remember: with great technology comes great
responsibility - not starting the robot apocalypse."
Ask any questions or send us ideas of what
you'd like to see in the comment section below,
and until next time, remember: stay cool.